TabPanel: describe keyExpr (#7806)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxTabPanel/1 Configuration/keyExpr.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the key property for accessing data items. Each key value must be unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the key property used to access data items. Each key value must be unique.
```

---
#####See Also#####

> - [Specify data using **dataSource** property](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/CollectionWidget/1%20Configuration/dataSource.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#dataSource')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Specify data to use the **dataSource** property](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/CollectionWidget/1%20Configuration/dataSource.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#dataSource')
```

> - [Specify data using **items** property](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/CollectionWidget/1%20Configuration/items '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/items/')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Specify data to use **items** property](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/CollectionWidget/1%20Configuration/items '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/items/')
```
